Peter Schaldenbrand
PLS21@pitt.edu

I improved and added a bunch of stuff this time around.  The largest addition is that
now users can make their own pages and add them to the story adventure.  They upload
a photo of what their lizard is doing and add a short description.  This is then added
as an option to the screen that they are on and they can click the option that takes 
them to a page that has the picture and description.  
Another big change was the addition of javascript.  Many pages have javascript files
that will change the size of the text on the screen when resizing the window.  There
is also javascript that displays the edit distance algorithm name thing on the home
page in a super strange and mostly annoying way (sorry I thought it was kinda cool).
The other big javascript addition was a revamped contact page.  In this case, the user
still contacts the lizard god, but now they can see all the messages that everyone 
else sends.  Using the javascript, the user can refresh this feed of messages to god
by hitting the refresh button and the whole page doesn't have to reload thanks to 
the magic of jquery and ajax.
Here and there I made CSS tweaks to make things look nicer.  All the PHP scripts were
revisited and updated to work better or be better formatted.

If there was a third part to the project I would have liked to have used the google
maps api.  It was a little too scary to try to jump right into it for this part of the
project and I was afraid to not have enough done by the time it was due.

Between the two parts of the project I learned a lot about client side stuff.  During
part one, I only thought about server side stuff, so I was always thinking about 
refreshing the page, but now that I have javascript under my belt, I now have a better
mindset that is more user friendly because whole pages don't have to be reloaded always.

I really liked the freedom that we had with this project.  I was worried that I would 
be really bored and not be interested in this website at first but when you let us do
whatever we wanted with it, I immediately was more interested.  There is a downside to
this though.  With so much freedom, there is also a lot of unknowing as far as grading
goes, and so I'm also worried that I might not fullfill all the requirements, but you
were pretty good about laying out what needed to be in the site and what didn't.  The
only thing that I think would have been a little better for this project would be if
we had learned javascript earlier so it could have been incorporated into the first
part of the project.  But that would have been really difficult to teach in such a 
short period of time.